Add bootc to sync (#33)
osbuild/osbuild.github.io: _collections/_news/2020-10-06-release-osbuild-21.md

---
caption: "Release of osbuild 21"
author: "Christian Kellner"
categories: [fedoraplanet]
---

> We are happy to announce version 21 of *osbuild*. This release adds
> support for running on Fedora 34. Errors while setting up the
> container are now reported. A lot work has been done to make the
> code better to read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are happy to announce version 21 of *osbuild*. This release adds
support for running on Fedora 34. Furthermore, internal errors during
container setup are now properly reported. And lastly, a lot of work has
been done to improve the code readability.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion^^
